yeah mamacitas a few details that could
can always get better but upping for a
first match you know it's been a while
from you as well since Luxor works or
was a just a nice feeling to be out
there again and I felt like my
groundstrokes were going good I felt
like I was really standing on top of my
baseline and and you know really
changing up the direction of the rallies
and I think that was a good feeling the
smashes could have been a little done
but you know it's a I think it's really
good I mean I'm really happy that I'm
here because it really makes the transit
transition I think to Melbourne a little
bit easier at least now we have the roof
a little bit and you get a feel for the
humidity and you don't always autumn
come from you know you know to to
extreme heat and I think this is an
that's a very happy that I chose to her
to be here yeah and the usual there's
you know nothing to it it's not that I'm
you know running to the bathroom 20
times before her mats or anything I'm
not just very yeah looking forward to to
being out there motivated I'm saying
you're not worked hard on the offseason
and had some you know tough doing a
workout sessions and I think that's
obviously a match is different because
you have the mental aspect that that
gets added to in which can definitely
cause for your body to react differently
than when you're just working on normal
but physically wise you know this is not
a match that it's going to make me wake
up sore too long today yeah I'm really
really happy to see her back no she's
always been one of the most down to
earth you know who belong to her and a
girl that I knew play doubles with in
the past sometimes as well and which was
a no she grew up and almost playing
together
really well sort she's I was really
happy this year I mean you know this one
of those players when you mean you know
when you see them again you like just
get you know goodbyes and now and that
was definitely the case with her you
know my coach is watching her play right
now but you know she forgave is
obviously not gonna change too much from
what it was now she has the Big Sur as
you know really good volleys but not
play and you know so she's deaf and she
looks fit I think that's obviously the
biggest yeah the biggest question
everybody has when you've been offered
that long is this you know how to live
look physically you know will they be
able to cope you know in this heat and
especially at the start of the season
because this is always a tough part of
this off of the year actually for us